what's up guys welcome back to another
five pack challenge we won the previous
episode which means we can put a higher
overall player than what we are gonna
get in a pack today so if you guys are
looking for coin check out ET going
through the link will be in the
description and here we go first pack
we're gonna get right into this right
into business and there's actually a
player called Mario Suarez what when so
he is athletic or Madrid don't really
watch look at this rain aldo raine
although it might actually be pretty
good 82 pace RM decent dribbling I guess
for a silver we'll take him
so 77 overall is our best parade player
so we're gonna take Mario Suarez
anything else nothing and you're nothing
you know too spectacular in that pack
other than the 7/7 overall player here
we go second pack who is gonna be in
this one
and we get petropia zo over 77 I need 76
everyone oh so we get skirt to 4-1-2-1-2
81 overall yellow as the fucking card we
get the fitness we're gonna need that
and Joey born but too bad we got scuttle
in our second pack 81 overall player
here we go third pack let's see what we
get in this one PK Wow Wow that is
amazing right there PK 86 overall player
4-2-3-1 never tried that formation I
think and that was an amazing pack
amazing amazing pack this one third pack
I guess we are at 86 overall I don't
think we're gonna get anyone better than
that so here we go let's see what
marchisio is gonna give us in our fourth
pack fourth pack who are you gonna give
us we were played with this guy I think
was the previous episode not sure why
but was a really recent didn't like him
that much
okay manager we'll take him no one other
than PK 86 overall and we have one more
pack to open so do I even need to put a
higher overall than PK but we will see
here we go who is it gonna be in the
final pack and we get Evra not over not
a bear overall then PK but Stuart
decent player this was actually a pretty
good pack opening but anyway let's see
what soft team I'm gonna make a round
pique so I'll see you on the spot screen
soon so as you guys can see this is the
team we made around pk and I chose not
to have a higher overall player than pk
himself so 86 overall pika is our
highest overall player in this team 82
over Ojo de agua info is our info on for
this team obviously and it was I don't
know it seems like a very slow team with
PK in it let me know in the comment
section below what you guys think slow
or not anyway so everyone's on line cam
as you guys can see and let's see who
our first opponent is gonna be so here
we go so our very first opponent is this
toss it back royce Podolski oh the
dribbling Podolski yes first go 17th
minute man I'm having a very bad day an
alternate team today
I read that go nice one
hits it oh man
is that Podolski finesse heads it go
is that fuck go happy Martinez doing
pretty decent against this very Hall
team on that's fine
look at that look at that look at that
look at that I don't even know should I
even take it easy on this guy he just
started ultimate team it seems and I'm
making him hate the game already Royce
oh that was a banging go chips it nice
goal nice header by Santana this guy's
so Opie from the corner from the corner
kicks alright let's try a score long
shot off Santana even though I can't
really double with this guy he has
amazing long shorts oh ho that was so
close oh look at this look at Santana me
look at this okay this look at the
finishing alright let's take it with
Santana do a peel oh here we go
peel oh oh oh he moved a little off
second and that is that ladies and
gentlemen we win that match eight nil so
our second team is much better than the
first obviously he has Roy C has
Balotelli agüero hazard Jesus Navas oh
man this is gonna be a disgusting match
we will see hopefully we win this as
well Oh what the fuck
what the fuck
oh my goodness what is going on
oh nice one Wow
45 minutes we get one go back we can
still win this fuck off Oh for fuck's
sake
yep it is pretty much done I have lost
this match there's nothing I could
really do about this guy just better me
so that is pretty much it for this
episode we were very bad in this episode
I don't know what was it maybe it was
the formation I think we should maybe
the formation or maybe this guy's just
better than me obviously I'm not the
greatest FIFA player out there but this
guy was just too good and I could not
beat him even though this is not my
ideal team but anyway it doesn't matter
anyway now hope you guys enjoyed this
episode if you do I'd really appreciate
like and also don't forget to let me
know in the comment section below if you
want me to make a team around the best
to overall players in the next episode
rather than one so hope you guys enjoyed
it and I hope you have a very nice day